feat: add eslint plugin "talend" (#91)
Talend/ui-scripts: eslint/docs/rules/talend-import-depth.md

> # Check if the import depth let your code be UMD build compliant (talend-import-depth)
> 
> When we have started to work on the CDN, we have seen a big issue to provide great UMD.
> 
> At the same time we wanna keep tree shaking approch possible.
> 
> To get both we have conclude that we can afford both if we stick to import to the first level of a module,
> so you can get only one component in talend/ui and at the same time use UMD if you use most of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Check if the import depth let your code be UMD build compliant (talend-import-depth)

When we have started to work on the CDN, we have seen a big issue to provide great UMD.

At the same time, we wanna keep the tree shaking approach possible.

To get both we have concluded that we can afford both if we stick to import to the first level of a module,
so you can get only one component in Talend/UI and at the same time use UMD if you use most of it.
```

## Rule Details

This rule aims to...

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
import ListComposition from '@talend/react-components/lib/List/ListComposition';
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
import List from '@talend/react-components/lib/List';
const { ListComposition } = List;
```

### Options

> If there are any options, describe them here. Otherwise, delete this section.

Reviewer 2: Maybe this section can be deleted 😉

## When Not To Use It

> If you are sure you don t want to be UMD friendly and you are already using tree shaking in that case it make sens to not use this rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are sure you don't want to be UMD friendly and you are already using tree shaking in that case it makes sense to not use this rule.
```
